the wall chrome Pro haircutting kit
makes cutting hair at home easy and will
save you time and money the chrome Pro
haircutting kit makes it all happen
because it comes with everything you
need to give successful haircuts at home
the chrome pro is easy to use and lets
you cut a variety of great hairstyles
because of the smooth glide guide combs
the numbered guide combs make it easy to
remember everyone's favorite haircut and
shows you which combs to use for short
to medium length hair and which combs to
use for longer hair each comb allows you
to cut the hair to a precise length
here's how it works when you cut hair
you should visualize the head as if it
were divided into four sections first
select the longest comb to begin cutting
you can always cut the hair shorter by
switching to a shorter guide comb if
necessary start just in front of the ear
and work toward the back of the head and
down towards section 1 using a long
rocking motion continue cutting through
the middle of section 3 use the blending
techniques found in the user guide and
you will achieve the style you want
keeping the teeth of the guide comb on
the scalp continue through the entire
back section then you can cut the top of
the head with the appropriate guide comb
starting at the front hairline or bangs
to achieve an evenly tapered look around
the ears first use the right ear guide
comb starting behind the ear arch the
Clipper around the ear for a clean line
repeating this step on the left side
using left ear guide comb practice using
the wall chrome Pro kit and soon you
will be creating great hairstyles in
your home no matter what style of
haircut the chrome pro will help keep
your family looking great